Currently, the Turtlebot is publishing
the unfiltered odometry values represented by an instantaneous two-dimensional pose.
On the other side, the EKF node is
publishing an instantaneous three-dimensional filtered pose.
At this stage, we are only able to compare instantaneous filtered and unfiltered poses.
To compare filtered and unfiltered trajectories,
we need to append
the filtered and unfiltered poses generated over time into separate vectors.
Luckily, the odometry to trajectory
ROS package can subscribe to odometry values and publish trajectories.
This package contains two nodes.
The first node subscribes to 2D unfiltered robot odometry,
appends the robots last 1,000 poses,
and publishes the robots unfiltered trajectory.
The second node subscribes to 3D filtered odometry and also appends
the robots last 1,000 poses and publishes the filter trajectory.
It's time to integrate this package with a Turtlebot Gazebo and Robot Pose EKF packages.
The subscriber and publisher 2D pose topics are identical and
also both filtered 3D poses topics have the same name.
Here's the final result of integrating the three packages.
The filtered and unfiltered trajectories are being published.
For now, follow the instructor nodes,
clone the package, and launch the nodes.